are you guys ready to bungee jump today
I'm a red a bungee jump Oh guys don't
have strings with us so fun of it okay
guys I'm gonna go first okay time to go
for it man he's crazy oh oh my god how
much do it what eat my heat he's nuts
but oh look a guy let's look at him but
it was a yellow car but they're there do
you think he's alive oh I don't know I
think he's good yeah me too I guess it's
my turn next
man you're crazy aah what what yes level
time I did you game all right man what
the hell okay now this time for real i'm
gonna jump man i like my car so much is
so cool its own yellow yeah man i love
their uh what oh my oh whoa hey do you
you will at whoa I'm there all my
friends are dead I've been then and it
and everybody's dead over here and it's
crazy well least I still got my car yeah
whoa whoa that was close they still kill
my car it's peanut butter jelly time
peanut butter jelly time peanut butter
jelly time
ha